They ordered that the applicant undergo a polygraph test.
They indicated that it was impossible to restore the flash memory drives of the phones.
They were released.
They were arrested and remanded in custody.
They submitted a complaint to the police about false accusations made against him.
They dismissed.
They reported to the police that the applicant had committed a sexual offence against her.
They dismissed the cases.
They reversed the decision of the Administrative Court and quashed the expulsion order.
They was set up for the purpose of protesting.
They published an interview with the applicant.
They took place.
They was suspended on probation and the applicant was released from prison.
They got married with Ms L..
They was quashed.
They was allowed for the first time a long-term family visit, which was from his sister.
They had regular short-term visits.
They questioned the alleged perpetrators.
They had short-term visits from the second applicant, as well as his mother and sister.
They was granted the status of victim.
They had a visit from his sister and a certain Ms L..
They submitted an incomplete copy of the material from the case file.
They declined to open a criminal investigation.
They lodged an objection to the enforcement.
They stayed the enforcement proceedings.
They were still living in Romania.
They sought enforcement.
They found that the applicant had embarked on the gender transition process.
They authorised her to undergo surgery.
They applied to the prefect of Rome for a change of forename.
They refused the applicant’s request.
They lodged.
They reported to the police that the applicant and his girlfriend had raped her.
They lodged.
They married.
They gave birth.
They went to Romania for the summer holidays.
They concluded that the genetic material collected at the location indicated by the applicant could not have originated from Dzh.A., K.G. or Dzh.N..
They discontinued, on similar grounds, the criminal investigation against M.G. and A.P..
They were never considered.
They dismissed his request.
They brought a civil claim in court, seeking to contest his paternity of the child in question.
They being pronounced.
They sent a package by post.
They allowed an application.
They and examined the contents of the package.
They objected to the decision.
They dismissed the applicant’s objections.
They in relation to the package.
They lodged another request.
They granted an application.
They objected to the decision.
They accepted the applicant’s argument.
They instituted a preliminary inquiry.
They were requested to submit a complete investigation file.
They lodged.
They criminal investigation was discontinued.
They quashed the decision.
They upheld the decision.
They lived with his daughter and J..
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They questioned the applicant’s neighbours.
They visited the applicant at her place.
They informed the police that the applicant did not have any psychiatric disorders.
They found the psychiatrist’s actions unlawful.
They forwarded the following letter to the Psychiatric and Narcological Service.
They lodged.
They lodged numerous complaints.
They appeal.
They asked the court to find the police’s decision to have her assessed by the psychiatrist unlawful.
They accepted.
They suspended the investigation.
They upheld the said decision on appeal.
They dismissed a complaint lodged by the applicant.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They ordering a further investigation.
They brought subsequent proceedings in which he sought to stop paying child support to the second child.
They was rejected.
They wrote a will bequeathing all his property to the child.
They overturned the District Court’s decision and dismissed the applicant’s claim.
They appealed.
They initiated proceedings.
They allowed the applicant’s claims, declaring him the father of the child.
They issued a residency permit.
They bought a flat in Kaluga Region.
They upheld the decision.
They applied for a residency permit in Russia.
They had been unlawfully transferred to the first applicant.
They upheld the decision.
They amended the judgment.
They was issued with a Russian passport.
They appealed.
They passed away.
They found B. guilty of fraud.
They upheld the conviction on appeal.
They received an exchange voucher authorising her to move into the flat in Moscow.
They decided.
They that the applicant had been wrongly issued with a Russian passport.
They was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment.
They were registered as living in that flat.
They dismissed a complaint.
They found the applicant guilty of disclosure of State secrets.
They lodged.
They moved to Moscow.
They pleaded not guilty.
They authorised the exchange of flats between K. and the first applicant.
They issued an internal passport.
They quashed the first-instance court’s decision.
They appealed.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They found in her favour.
They appealed.
They was released from hospital.
They lodged a court action against the local utilities provider.
They appealed.
They rejected the applicant’s appeal and partly accepted the provider’s appeal.
They started criminal proceedings.
They acquitted J.I.Š..
They overturned the lower court’s judgment and convicted J.I.Š..
They noted that activities relating to home births, as a phenomenon, had been neither criminalised nor forbidden by law in Lithuania.
They was admitted to hospital.
They was admitted to hospital.
They lodged.
They drank water from taps.
They learned that his former wife had conceived their second child, born in 2003, as a result of a relationship with another man during her marriage to the applicant.
They underwent a DNA test.
They questioned Dzh.A., K.G., Dzh.N. and Sh.D..
They reopened the criminal investigation against M.G. and A.P..
They reopened the criminal investigation against M.G. and A.P.
They suspects and defendants could have no more than two family visits per month.
They responded that.
They lodged.
They was refused.
They started administrative court proceedings.
They divorced.
They upheld the first-instance court’s decision.
They undertook to pay child support to the two children born during the marriage.
They were passed.
They stated that.
They as the result of the absence of the right to long visits until 2014 he had had to divorce his wife.
They was amended.
They have been serving life sentences.
They adopted the Code on the Execution of Sentences of Ukraine (“the Code”).
They lodged.
They asked the Ministry of Health to either guarantee medical assistance at her home during the birth of her third child.
They refused.
They became an active member of the movement known as “gimimas.lt”.
They had given birth at home.
They replied that it had already received proposals from several non-governmental organisations that births outside hospitals be regulated.
They had given birth at home.
They refused.
They stated that she had always identified as female.
They dismissed a complaint.
They quashed the decision.
They issued a notice.
They advising that the conditions of detention in the prison be brought in line with the statutory requirements.
They authorised the applicant’s mother to visit her.
They had lost contact with his family.
They stated that.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They discontinued the criminal proceedings.
They carried out an inspection of remand prison.
They carried out an inspection of the conditions of detention.
They discontinued the extradition proceedings.
They was detained in remand prison.
They enforcement proceedings were transferred.
They convicted the applicant of drug possession and fined him.
They opened enforcement proceedings.
They began treatment with feminising hormones.
They convicted him on twelve counts of commercial trafficking of drugs.
They refused to institute enforcement proceedings.
They applied to the Rome District Court.
They convicted him on two counts of attempted aggravated extortion by use of force.
They issued a writ of execution.
They refused to comply with the judgment.
They was again deferred.
They decided that the children should reside with their mother.
They convicted him of several offences.
They applied.
They for a residence order.
They appealed against that decision.
They was deferred.
They convicted the applicant of drug trafficking.
They convicted him on twenty counts of drug trafficking.
They lodged.
They found the decision.
They to be unlawful.
They challenged the lawfulness of the above-mentioned decision.
They ordered the expulsion of the applicant to Turkey.
They rejected the application for administrative review of the expulsion order.
They was moved to a psychiatric prison.
They was released.
They notified the applicant that it was willing to order expulsion to Turkey.
They was put on the international wanted persons list.
They ordered the applicant’s arrest.
They rejected the appeal.
They lodged.
They was released from prison.
They opposed the action.
They upheld the order to return the children.
They was taken into pre-trial custody.
They convicted him of drug trafficking and acquisition of drugs.
They born.
They extended the applicant’s detention.
They extended the applicant’s detention.
They authorised the applicant’s detention.
They was arrested.
They ordered the applicant’s release.
They upheld the decision.
They remains unenforced.
They took the children to the Republic of Ingushetiya.
They was dissolved.
They was not informed of the enforcement.
They lodged.
They filed for divorce and custody of the child.
They refused to grant the applicant leave to lodge a cassation appeal.
They was removed from the school premises.
They issued a similar decision.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They upheld the judgment.
They was married to I.M.U..
They was upheld.
They delivered the final decision.
They settled.
They gave birth to two children.
They decided to separate.
They challenged in court the lawfulness of the bailiffs’ actions.
They married R.M..
They lodged.
They was sent to R.M.’s address.
They was served.
They lodged an appeal.
They gave its judgment.
They delivered its ruling.
They lodged an application.
They seeking to be granted sole or shared custody of the child.
They was covered extensively in the above publications.
They upheld the City Court’s decision.
They attempts to exercise contact failed.
They was reluctant to stay with him.
They applied to the Szolnok County Guardianship Authority to have the contact agreement enforced.
They had seen that the comments had by then already been deleted.
They had one daughter, R.Ó, born.
They married Ms N.R..
They moved out.
They against Hegnar Media AS and the editor, Mr H., for defamation.
They instigated civil proceedings.
They agreed on custody.
They divorced.
They could exercise contact.
They lodged.
They was ordered to pay the defendants’ litigation costs.
They appealed against the City Court’s judgment.
They was delivered.
They responded in a letter.
They appealed against the High Court’s judgment to the Supreme Court.
They heard the case.
They ruled in favour of the defendants.
They wrote a letter to the Press Complaints Commission.
They buried him.
They were allowed to exhume their son’s remains.
They lodged an action.
They sentenced him to six years’ imprisonment.
They found Mr O. guilty of having murdered the applicants’ son.
They were invited to take part in the criminal proceedings in the capacity of victims.
They demanding confirmation that harassing comments in the “Media” subforum would be deleted.
They sent the criminal case file to the Primorskiy District Court for trial.
They became final.
They informed the applicant that the enforcement was scheduled.
They quashed the decision.
They declined to open a criminal investigation.
They examined the video recording.
They issued a decision declining to open a criminal investigation.
They quashed the decision.
They issued a decision declining to open a criminal investigation.
They upheld the judgment.
They his minor daughter, the applicant in the present case, had been repeatedly forced to have oral and anal sex.
They dismissed the claim.
They submitted a DVD with a video recording.
They issued an interim decision.
They lodged.
They resumed the suspended proceedings.
They rejected the application.
They was born.
They was taken into pre-trial custody.
They ordered the reduction of the re-entry ban to five years.
They refused the applicant leave to appeal against either the High Court’s judgment.
They applied for administrative review of that decision.
They had acknowledged paternity of the child J..
They suspended the proceedings.
They ordered the expulsion.
They returned to Italy.
They lodged a criminal complaint.
They for child abduction.
They was ordered to comply.
They informed her husband that she and the children would no longer return to Italy.
They allowed the application for the return of the children.
They started enforcement proceedings.
They applied to the Bucharest County Court for the return of the second and third applicants to Italy.
They appealed.
They interviewed the children.
They heard evidence from the parents.
They spoke with the children.
They rejected the applicant’s request for leave to appeal.
They submitted an asylum application.
They did not accept the complaint for adjudication.
They was unsuccessful.
They sought a court order for a three-month psychological counselling programme for the children.
They stated that the children refused contact with their father.
They granted the request.
They signed a social tenancy agreement with a certain K..
They ordered the applicants to vacate the room.
They died.
They moved to Moscow and decided to purchase a flat there.
They signed his decision on the petition: “Rejected..
They lodged.
They was held in penal colony.
They one short visit.
They was able to have five short visits.
They asked for the meeting to be held without a glass partition.
They deprived the first applicant of her status.
They rejected his request.
They challenged the restrictions on family visits before a court.
They issued by the governor.
They did not have any short or long-stay visits.
They applied to the FMS with a request to re-establish her status.
They provided the applicants and the first applicant’s mother with a room.
They lodged another application.
They applied for a hearing.
They dismissed the applicant’s application.
They was dismissed.
They lodged an application.
They dismissed the case.
They lodged an application.
They was dismissed.
They excluded the possibility of the applicant being K.’s biological father.
They gave birth to a baby girl, K..
They lodged.
They divorced.
They accepted paternity of K. by submitting the relevant declaration to the authorities.
They married M..
They rejected the appeal by the applicant as unfounded.
They instituted proceedings.
They against M., challenging the paternity of K..
They drew the applicant’s counsel’s attention to the debate that had been started on the Hegnar Online forum.
They was started.
They wrote an editorial in Kapital commenting on the applicant’s remarks on the forum comments.
They found that both publications had breached the code of conduct for journalists.
They instituted proceedings against the applicant, challenging the validity of her will.
They concluded in general terms that neither comments with sexual content nor comments that accused the applicant of unethical or unlawful behaviour.
They that the editors should accordingly have removed them immediately.
They sent a letter to Hegnar Online stating the applicant’s intention to instigate civil proceedings.
They was lodged with the Press Complaints Commission.
They complaint.
They upheld the City Court’s decision.
They in an email.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They appealed.
They no contact had taken place.
They established.
They dismissed the applicant’s request.
They refused.
They suspended the enforcement proceedings.
They imposed an execution fee on R.M. of RUB 5,000 for failure to comply with the judgment.
They failed to attend.
They restricted R.M.’s travel.
They launched a search for the children and restricted R.M.’s right to drive.
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They telephoned R.M. and asked him to attend the bailiffs’ office to provide explanations for his non-compliance.
They lodged.
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They authorised for 180 days the interception and recording of the applicant’s telephone conversations.
They was charged with disclosure of State secrets.
They authorised “audio surveillance” of the applicant’s office.
They was started.
They had warned Ms L. that her relative was under covert surveillance and that there were listening devices hidden in his cell.
They sent an email.
They published articles concerning the applicant’s role and relationship with a wealthy, elderly widow.
They lodged.
They lodged two complaints with the Press Complaints Commission.
They responded.
They was given.
They ordered R.M. to comply with the judgment.
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They invited R.M. to the bailiffs’ office.
They delivered an inadmissibility decision.
They to be unlawful.
They found the bailiffs’ actions.
They had infringed the applicant’s right to receive information.
They held that the Edirne Enforcement Court’s decision.
They restricted R.M.’s travel.
They was never informed of the enforcement dates scheduled.
They was returned to the Izmaylovskiy District Bailiffs’ Service in Moscow.
They tried to enforce the judgment of 25 June 2014 without success.
They dismissed that application.
They imposed a further administrative fine on R.M..
They was rejected.
They lodged an application.
They lodged a series of requests.
They were dismissed.
They were all seized from him.
They summoned the applicant’s lawyer.
They had a son.
They left Uzbekistan for Russia.
They were granted the status of “forced migrants”.
They was born.
They were restored.
They lodged a fresh complaint.
They declared the complaint inadmissible.
They he had not been able to have any physical contact in order to conceive children.
They stated that.
They instituted enforcement proceedings in order to recover from K. the amounts awarded.
They brought a counterclaim against the Housing Department.
They returned to Blagoveshchensk.
They vacated the disputed room.
They upheld the judgment.
They were terminated.
They received the writ of execution.
They has been registered as living in the flat.
They requesting that a duplicate of the writ of execution.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal.
They brought court proceedings against the first applicant and K..
They did not lodge a cassation appeal.
They were instituted against B. on suspicion of fraud.
They asked the administration of the Primorskiy District of St Petersburg to provide her with alternative accommodation.
They invalidated the social tenancy agreement.
They and ordered the applicants’ eviction.
They found that X’s comment on Facebook had been defamatory and declared the statements null and void.
They was an English teacher.
They upheld the District Court’s decision.
They opposed the applicant’s claims.
They informed the applicant that she had divorced her husband and that she had decided to marry a German national and move with the child to Germany.
They had regular contact with the child.
They asked the governor to allow him a short meeting.
They lodged defamation proceedings against X.
They lodged.
They DNA test was performed proving that the applicant was in fact the father of the child.
They sent a letter to X requesting that she withdraw her statements.
They was indicated as the father in the child’s birth certificate.
They lodged.
They gave birth to a child.
They entered into private relations with a married woman.
They lodged.
They was married to Z. and was living with her in a state-owned flat which had been provided to Z.’s parents.
They did not apply for deregistration from the flat which he had occupied with his former wife.
They was registered as living in that flat.
They was not registered as living in the room.
They privatised that flat.
They informed the applicant that he had to vacate the room.
They died.
They left the family home and took the child with her.
They held that the decision of 25 January 2010 had been unlawful.
They could not be sent.
They asked the Ministry of Health to initiate changes in legislation.
They quashed the decision of 3 November 2010 and dismissed the first applicant’s complaint against the decision of the FMS of 25 January 2010.
They asked the District Court to finish the drafting of its written judgment faster.
They was asked to comment about the possibility of providing medical assistance during home births.
They brought court proceedings against the applicants.
They lodged an appeal.
They objected to the eviction.
They asked the Lithuanian Midwives Association and the Lithuanian Fellowship of Midwives and Gynaecologists for their views on home birth.
They underwent a polygraph testing.
They stated its disapproval.
They replied that despite significant worldwide changes in the sphere of maternity care, the question of planned home births remained sensitive and controversial.
They upheld its decision of 8 November 2001.
They started a criminal investigation.
They decided to challenge that decision in court.
They underwent the test.
They submitted that their eviction would be in breach.
They ordered the applicants’ eviction from their room.
They lodged an appeal against the eviction order.
They upheld the eviction order.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They underwent mammoplasty.
They for surgery.
They was placed on a waiting list.
They refused to grant a stay of execution of the prefect’s decision.
They was entered in the civil-status registers as male.
They underwent an operation to change her sexual characteristics.
They applied to the Rome District Court.
They for legal recognition of her gender reassignment.
They moved in with the applicant.
They upheld the ruling.
They gave its ruling.
They appealed.
They lodged appeals.
They upheld the judgment.
They lodged an appeal.
They quashed the decisions.
They granted the applicant’s request.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal against the prefect’s decision.
They was disciplined on three occasions.
They was delivered.
They lodged.
They ordered Ms N.R. to comply with the agreement.
They initiated child protection proceedings.
They stopped the applicant’s car.
They was fined for not complying with the agreement.
They could exercise contact.
They brought an action.
They merely replied that the impugned interception had been lawful.
They counterclaim.
They requested that the child be placed in his custody.
They lodged.
They filed a criminal complaint against Ms N.R..
They upheld the first-instance judgment.
They was placed in pre-trial detention.
They failed to turn up at numerous scheduled meetings.
They convicted the applicant of taking a bribe.
They dismissed an action.
They seeking to decrease the amount of child allowance.
They about the lawfulness of the interception of his phone conversation and the accuracy of the transcript.
They complained.
They was kept in a cell.
They found the applicant guilty of driving a vehicle after the withdrawal of his driving licence.
They made a written request.
They seeking a family visit.
They was returned to the applicant.
They lodged a complaint.
They filed a written objection.
They lodged.
They concluded that it was impossible to identify relatives of the deceased.
They indicated that the body had been unclaimed.
They contacted Ms L. and informed her of their intention to come to St Petersburg to take part in the criminal proceedings.
They were instituted.
They was killed.
They was buried under his full name.
They asked.
They to identify relatives of the deceased.
They rejected that claim.
They lodged.
They was sentenced to life imprisonment.
They lodged an administrative claim.
They lodged.
They was carried out in Austria on suspicion of, inter alia , investment fraud, breach of confidence and insider trading.
They investigation.
They took place.
They had therefore been exceeded.
They found that the warrant issued.
They lodged.
They asked the law firm.
They sat an examination in order to become a public servant.
They issued a decision restoring those items to the applicant.
They had been appointed to the post of security officer.
They claims.
They that the media to be returned to the applicant contained, inter alia , legal advice protected by lawyer-client privilege.
They informed the applicant that she would not be appointed to a post in that office as she did not fulfil the requirements of “being a man” and “having completed military service”.
They learnt for the first time that his telephone conversations had been recorded and his other communications monitored.
They lodged an action against TEDAŞ.
They submitted.
They annulled the decision.
They lodged an appeal.
They was recruited.
They reviewed the applicant’s parental rights.
They final judgment.
They lodged a petition for review.
They was dismissed.
They requested.
They be excluded from any further proceedings.
They instituted court proceedings.
They seeking recognition of his right to occupy the room as B.’s family member.
They appointed the Budapest XV District Guardianship Authority to deal with any further proceedings.
They did not appeal.
They submitted that the applicant had not been registered as living in B.’s room, he was not a member of B.’s family.
They reduced the applicant’s contact with his daughter.
They refused to grant her leave.
They lodged a number of requests seeking to end his obligation to pay child allowance.
They lodged a request.
They for leave to attend her funeral.
They died.
They authorised her transfer to a psychiatric facility.
They refused to refer the applicant’s application for supervisory review of the decision.
They appealed.
They granted the applicant’s claim.
They quashed the judgment of 6 May 2010 and dismissed the applicant’s claims.
They divorced.
They moved in with his new partner, B..
They applied to the FMS with a new request to re-establish her forced migrant status.
They instituted enforcement proceedings with regard to the eviction order.
They were placed on the waiting list for social housing.
They concluded an agreement with the first applicant for use of social accommodation.
They upheld its decision of 8 November 2001 and dismissed the first applicant’s request.
They was excluded from the social tenancy agreement.
They asked three public hospitals in Vilnius to provide her with medical assistance during her home birth.
They has repeatedly been convicted of criminal offences.
They gave birth.
They lodged.
They issued the applicant a permanent residence permit.
They to provide her with medical assistance during the home birth.
They asked two public hospitals.
They noted that she was “firmly resolved ( tvirtai nusiteikusi ) to give birth at home.
They due date was.
They extended the forced migrant status.
They was registered as living in the room.
They [gave] birth at home without qualified healthcare assistance.
They asked the Ministry of Health to either guarantee the provision of such medical assistance.
They to provide her with medical assistance during the home birth.
They asked two public hospitals.
They gave birth to her second child.
They ordered her placement in a psychiatric facility in France.
They was granted a temporary permit to stay.
They had given birth at home.
They rejected an application by the applicant.
They was established.
They published an Internet press release.
They to discuss the question of home birth.
They lodged.
They witnessed the murder.
They appealed.
They replied that the applicable law did not make a provision for long-stay visits.
They asked the authorities in charge of the criminal case to authorise short visits.
They rejected his request.
They asked the governor to authorise a long meeting.
They was transferred to remand prison.
They asked the prison governor to authorise a short meeting.
They was notified to the applicant.
They was due to give birth.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal.
They rejected the third applicant’s complaint.
They dismissed the applicant’s case.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal.
They was dismissed from her post.
They lodged a request to be transferred to a similar psychiatric facility in Romania.
They quashed the judgment.
They lodged an appeal.
They applied.
They for authorisation to exchange his flat in Moscow.
They is.
They in a psychiatric facility.
They committed a murder.
They lodged.