They claims.
They that the media to be returned to the applicant contained, inter alia , legal advice protected by lawyer-client privilege.
They issued a decision restoring those items to the applicant.
They asked the law firm.
They had therefore been exceeded.
They found that the warrant issued.
They refused to institute enforcement proceedings.
They opened enforcement proceedings.
They refused.
They refused to comply with the judgment.
They issued a writ of execution.
They became an active member of the movement known as “gimimas.lt”.
They found the decision.
They to be unlawful.
They had given birth at home.
They asked the Ministry of Health to either guarantee medical assistance at her home during the birth of her third child.
They enforcement proceedings were transferred.
They refused.
They challenged the lawfulness of the above-mentioned decision.
They sent an email.
They replied that it had already received proposals from several non-governmental organisations that births outside hospitals be regulated.
They had given birth at home.
They applied.
They for authorisation to exchange his flat in Moscow.
They lodged.
They published articles concerning the applicant’s role and relationship with a wealthy, elderly widow.
They was given.
They was started.
They took place.
They was carried out in Austria on suspicion of, inter alia , investment fraud, breach of confidence and insider trading.
They investigation.
They lodged two complaints with the Press Complaints Commission.
They lodged.
They lodged.
They began treatment with feminising hormones.
They applied to the Rome District Court.
They applied.
They for a residence order.
They decided that the children should reside with their mother.
They appealed against that decision.
They pleaded not guilty.
They was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment.
They found the applicant guilty of disclosure of State secrets.
They upheld the conviction on appeal.
They was rejected.
They lodged.
They divorced.
They undertook to pay child support to the two children born during the marriage.
They learned that his former wife had conceived their second child, born in 2003, as a result of a relationship with another man during her marriage to the applicant.
They underwent a DNA test.
They drew the applicant’s counsel’s attention to the debate that had been started on the Hegnar Online forum.
They brought subsequent proceedings in which he sought to stop paying child support to the second child.
They responded.
They did not apply for deregistration from the flat which he had occupied with his former wife.
They privatised that flat.
They started administrative court proceedings.
They was not registered as living in the room.
They upheld the first-instance court’s decision.
They died.
They overturned the lower court’s judgment and convicted J.I.Š..
They lodged.
They noted that activities relating to home births, as a phenomenon, had been neither criminalised nor forbidden by law in Lithuania.
They started criminal proceedings.
They was married to Z. and was living with her in a state-owned flat which had been provided to Z.’s parents.
They acquitted J.I.Š..
They was registered as living in that flat.
They found that both publications had breached the code of conduct for journalists.
They instituted proceedings against the applicant, challenging the validity of her will.
They wrote an editorial in Kapital commenting on the applicant’s remarks on the forum comments.
They informed the applicant that he had to vacate the room.
They was refused.
They sent a letter to Hegnar Online stating the applicant’s intention to instigate civil proceedings.
They concluded in general terms that neither comments with sexual content nor comments that accused the applicant of unethical or unlawful behaviour.
They that the editors should accordingly have removed them immediately.
They in an email.
They was started.
They was lodged with the Press Complaints Commission.
They complaint.
They upheld the eviction order.
They lodged an appeal against the eviction order.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They appealed.
They upheld the City Court’s decision.
They lodged.
They ordered the applicants’ eviction from their room.
They upheld the decision.
They submitted that their eviction would be in breach.
They ordered the applicant’s release.
They appeal.
They objected to the eviction.
They extended the applicant’s detention.
They accepted.
They brought court proceedings against the applicants.
They extended the applicant’s detention.
They quashed the decision of 3 November 2010 and dismissed the first applicant’s complaint against the decision of the FMS of 25 January 2010.
They was arrested.
They held that the decision of 25 January 2010 had been unlawful.
They authorised the applicant’s detention.
They decided to challenge that decision in court.
They ordered the applicant’s arrest.
They upheld its decision of 8 November 2001.
They was put on the international wanted persons list.
They found B. guilty of fraud.
They had been unlawfully transferred to the first applicant.
They were registered as living in that flat.
They appealed.
They amended the judgment.
They authorised the exchange of flats between K. and the first applicant.
They received an exchange voucher authorising her to move into the flat in Moscow.
They bought a flat in Kaluga Region.
They lodged.
They was charged with disclosure of State secrets.
They had warned Ms L. that her relative was under covert surveillance and that there were listening devices hidden in his cell.
They lodged.
They authorised for 180 days the interception and recording of the applicant’s telephone conversations.
They authorised “audio surveillance” of the applicant’s office.
They published an interview with the applicant.
They submitted a complaint to the police about false accusations made against him.
They dismissed.
They reported to the police that the applicant had committed a sexual offence against her.
They dismissed the cases.
They lodged.
They reported to the police that the applicant and his girlfriend had raped her.
They were granted the status of “forced migrants”.
They left Uzbekistan for Russia.
They opposed the action.
They upheld the order to return the children.
They was born.
They did not lodge a cassation appeal.
They was set up for the purpose of protesting.
They lodged.
They has been registered as living in the flat.
They were terminated.
They vacated the disputed room.
They asked the administration of the Primorskiy District of St Petersburg to provide her with alternative accommodation.
They one short visit.
They was able to have five short visits.
They was held in penal colony.
They instituted proceedings.
They against M., challenging the paternity of K..
They noted that she was “firmly resolved ( tvirtai nusiteikusi ) to give birth at home.
They lodged.
They lodged.
They due date was.
They gave birth to a baby girl, K..
They issued by the governor.
They did not have any short or long-stay visits.
They accepted paternity of K. by submitting the relevant declaration to the authorities.
They challenged the restrictions on family visits before a court.
They divorced.
They asked three public hospitals in Vilnius to provide her with medical assistance during her home birth.
They rejected his request.
They excluded the possibility of the applicant being K.’s biological father.
They to provide her with medical assistance during the home birth.
They asked two public hospitals.
They rejected the appeal by the applicant as unfounded.
They married M..
They signed his decision on the petition: “Rejected..
They asked for the meeting to be held without a glass partition.
They had given birth at home.
They rejected the third applicant’s complaint.
They was established.
They published an Internet press release.
They to discuss the question of home birth.
They found that the applicant had embarked on the gender transition process.
They applied to the prefect of Rome for a change of forename.
They authorised her to undergo surgery.
They was due to give birth.
They learnt for the first time that his telephone conversations had been recorded and his other communications monitored.
They wrote a will bequeathing all his property to the child.
They initiated proceedings.
They did not appeal.
They granted the applicant’s claim.
They instituted court proceedings.
They seeking recognition of his right to occupy the room as B.’s family member.
They submitted that the applicant had not been registered as living in B.’s room, he was not a member of B.’s family.
They allowed the applicant’s claims, declaring him the father of the child.
They quashed the judgment of 6 May 2010 and dismissed the applicant’s claims.
They overturned the District Court’s decision and dismissed the applicant’s claim.
They refused to refer the applicant’s application for supervisory review of the decision.
They appealed.
They appealed.
They divorced.
They moved in with his new partner, B..
They dismissed the applicant’s request.
They no contact had taken place.
They established.
They quashed the decision.
They declined to open a criminal investigation.
They issued a decision declining to open a criminal investigation.
They examined the video recording.
They submitted a DVD with a video recording.
They quashed the decision.
They issued a decision declining to open a criminal investigation.
They his minor daughter, the applicant in the present case, had been repeatedly forced to have oral and anal sex.
They stated that she had always identified as female.
They lodged.
They could exercise contact.
They married Ms N.R..
They had one daughter, R.Ó, born.
They agreed on custody.
They divorced.
They moved out.
They was reluctant to stay with him.
They attempts to exercise contact failed.
They applied to the Szolnok County Guardianship Authority to have the contact agreement enforced.
They upheld the judgment.
They lodged.
They appealed.
They lodged a fresh complaint.
They declared the complaint inadmissible.
They lodged a series of requests.
They were dismissed.
They were restored.
They were all seized from him.
They summoned the applicant’s lawyer.
They started a criminal investigation.
They stated its disapproval.
They replied that despite significant worldwide changes in the sphere of maternity care, the question of planned home births remained sensitive and controversial.
They asked the Lithuanian Midwives Association and the Lithuanian Fellowship of Midwives and Gynaecologists for their views on home birth.
They asked the Ministry of Health to initiate changes in legislation.
They was asked to comment about the possibility of providing medical assistance during home births.
They underwent mammoplasty.
They refused to grant a stay of execution of the prefect’s decision.
They asked the governor to allow him a short meeting.
They for surgery.
They was placed on a waiting list.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal against the prefect’s decision.
They underwent an operation to change her sexual characteristics.
They was entered in the civil-status registers as male.
They granted the applicant’s request.
They applied to the Rome District Court.
They for legal recognition of her gender reassignment.
They lodged an appeal.
They issued a residency permit.
They dismissed a complaint.
They decided.
They that the applicant had been wrongly issued with a Russian passport.
They applied for a residency permit in Russia.
They upheld the decision.
They was issued with a Russian passport.
They upheld the decision.
They issued an internal passport.
They moved to Moscow.
They convicted the applicant of taking a bribe.
They about the lawfulness of the interception of his phone conversation and the accuracy of the transcript.
They complained.
They merely replied that the impugned interception had been lawful.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They lodged.
They was placed in pre-trial detention.
They suspects and defendants could have no more than two family visits per month.
They responded that.
They being pronounced.
They underwent a polygraph testing.
They underwent the test.
They were never considered.
They brought a civil claim in court, seeking to contest his paternity of the child in question.
They dismissed his request.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They passed away.
They quashed the decisions.
They was dismissed.
They requested.
They be excluded from any further proceedings.
They reviewed the applicant’s parental rights.
They final judgment.
They lodged a petition for review.
They reduced the applicant’s contact with his daughter.
They appointed the Budapest XV District Guardianship Authority to deal with any further proceedings.
They issued a similar decision.
They lodged a number of requests seeking to end his obligation to pay child allowance.
They refused to grant the applicant leave to lodge a cassation appeal.
They upheld the judgment.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They was registered as living in the room.
They extended the forced migrant status.
They was excluded from the social tenancy agreement.
They upheld its decision of 8 November 2001 and dismissed the first applicant’s request.
They concluded an agreement with the first applicant for use of social accommodation.
They were placed on the waiting list for social housing.
They instituted enforcement proceedings with regard to the eviction order.
They initiated child protection proceedings.
They was fined for not complying with the agreement.
They applied to the FMS with a new request to re-establish her forced migrant status.
They ordered Ms N.R. to comply with the agreement.
They counterclaim.
They requested that the child be placed in his custody.
They filed a criminal complaint against Ms N.R..
They could exercise contact.
They brought an action.
They dismissed an action.
They seeking to decrease the amount of child allowance.
They upheld the first-instance judgment.
They failed to turn up at numerous scheduled meetings.
They asked the authorities in charge of the criminal case to authorise short visits.
They asked the prison governor to authorise a short meeting.
They rejected his request.
They asked the governor to authorise a long meeting.
They replied that the applicable law did not make a provision for long-stay visits.
They was transferred to remand prison.
They failed to attend.
They refused the applicant’s request.
They suspended the enforcement proceedings.
They imposed an execution fee on R.M. of RUB 5,000 for failure to comply with the judgment.
They telephoned R.M. and asked him to attend the bailiffs’ office to provide explanations for his non-compliance.
They refused.
They launched a search for the children and restricted R.M.’s right to drive.
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They restricted R.M.’s travel.
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They sent a letter to X requesting that she withdraw her statements.
They lodged defamation proceedings against X.
They opposed the applicant’s claims.
They upheld the District Court’s decision.
They quashed the decision.
They found that X’s comment on Facebook had been defamatory and declared the statements null and void.
They dismissed a complaint.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They carried out an inspection of the conditions of detention.
They carried out an inspection of remand prison.
They authorised the applicant’s mother to visit her.
They issued a notice.
They advising that the conditions of detention in the prison be brought in line with the statutory requirements.
They lodged.
They discontinued the criminal proceedings.
They imposed a further administrative fine on R.M..
They imposed an administrative fine on R.M..
They was detained in remand prison.
They invited R.M. to the bailiffs’ office.
They discontinued the extradition proceedings.
They was returned to the Izmaylovskiy District Bailiffs’ Service in Moscow.
They found the applicant guilty of driving a vehicle after the withdrawal of his driving licence.
They ordered R.M. to comply with the judgment.
They was kept in a cell.
They restricted R.M.’s travel.
They stopped the applicant’s car.
They was never informed of the enforcement dates scheduled.
They tried to enforce the judgment of 25 June 2014 without success.
They filed a written objection.
They to be unlawful.
They found the bailiffs’ actions.
They lodged a complaint.
They was returned to the applicant.
They made a written request.
They seeking a family visit.
They took the children to the Republic of Ingushetiya.
They informed the applicant that she had divorced her husband and that she had decided to marry a German national and move with the child to Germany.
They had regular contact with the child.
They died.
They upheld the City Court’s decision.
They lodged a request.
They for leave to attend her funeral.
They against Hegnar Media AS and the editor, Mr H., for defamation.
They instigated civil proceedings.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal.
They refused to grant her leave.
They lodged.
They was covered extensively in the above publications.
They authorised her transfer to a psychiatric facility.
They remains unenforced.
They was not informed of the enforcement.
They had seen that the comments had by then already been deleted.
They was dissolved.
They received the writ of execution.
They instituted enforcement proceedings in order to recover from K. the amounts awarded.
They returned to Blagoveshchensk.
They requesting that a duplicate of the writ of execution.
They quashed the first-instance court’s decision.
They appealed.
They brought a counterclaim against the Housing Department.
They appealed.
They DNA test was performed proving that the applicant was in fact the father of the child.
They gave birth to a child.
They were instituted against B. on suspicion of fraud.
They was indicated as the father in the child’s birth certificate.
They upheld the judgment.
They was an English teacher.
They brought court proceedings against the first applicant and K..
They entered into private relations with a married woman.
They invalidated the social tenancy agreement.
They and ordered the applicants’ eviction.
They gave birth to two children.
They decided to separate.
They settled.
They married R.M..
They lodged.
They challenged in court the lawfulness of the bailiffs’ actions.
They was sent to R.M.’s address.
They ruled in favour of the defendants.
They wrote a letter to the Press Complaints Commission.
They forwarded the following letter to the Psychiatric and Narcological Service.
They was quashed.
They lodged.
They declined to open a criminal investigation.
They submitted an incomplete copy of the material from the case file.
They was granted the status of victim.
They questioned the alleged perpetrators.
They were arrested and remanded in custody.
They were released.
They moved to Moscow and decided to purchase a flat there.
They indicated that it was impossible to restore the flash memory drives of the phones.
They signed a social tenancy agreement with a certain K..
They ordered that the applicant undergo a polygraph test.
They lodged numerous complaints.
They questioned the applicant’s neighbours.
They visited the applicant at her place.
They informed the police that the applicant did not have any psychiatric disorders.
They found the psychiatrist’s actions unlawful.
They asked the court to find the police’s decision to have her assessed by the psychiatrist unlawful.
They drank water from taps.
They lodged.
They appealed.
They found in her favour.
They rejected the applicant’s appeal and partly accepted the provider’s appeal.
They was admitted to hospital.
They was admitted to hospital.
They lodged a court action against the local utilities provider.
They was released from hospital.
They was delivered.
They responded in a letter.
They appealed against the High Court’s judgment to the Supreme Court.
They heard the case.
They demanding confirmation that harassing comments in the “Media” subforum would be deleted.
They was ordered to pay the defendants’ litigation costs.
They appealed against the City Court’s judgment.
They accepted the applicant’s argument.
They criminal investigation was discontinued.
They were requested to submit a complete investigation file.
They instituted a preliminary inquiry.
They discontinued, on similar grounds, the criminal investigation against M.G. and A.P..
They concluded that the genetic material collected at the location indicated by the applicant could not have originated from Dzh.A., K.G. or Dzh.N..
They ordered the applicants to vacate the room.
They applied to the FMS with a request to re-establish her status.
They deprived the first applicant of her status.
They lodged.
They was killed.
They were instituted.
They asked.
They to identify relatives of the deceased.
They died.
They was buried under his full name.
They indicated that the body had been unclaimed.
They concluded that it was impossible to identify relatives of the deceased.
They contacted Ms L. and informed her of their intention to come to St Petersburg to take part in the criminal proceedings.
They suspended the investigation.
They ordering a further investigation.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They dismissed a complaint lodged by the applicant.
They upheld the said decision on appeal.
They discontinued the criminal investigation.
They dismissed the applicant’s complaint.
They upheld the decision.
They quashed the decision.
They provided the applicants and the first applicant’s mother with a room.
They ordered her placement in a psychiatric facility in France.
They committed a murder.
They is.
They in a psychiatric facility.
They lodged a request to be transferred to a similar psychiatric facility in Romania.
They lodged.
They spoke with the children.
They interviewed the children.
They heard evidence from the parents.
They allowed the application for the return of the children.
They started enforcement proceedings.
They stayed the enforcement proceedings.
They lodged an objection to the enforcement.
They sought enforcement.
They [gave] birth at home without qualified healthcare assistance.
They returned to Italy.
They refused the applicant leave to appeal against either the High Court’s judgment.
They informed her husband that she and the children would no longer return to Italy.
They lodged a criminal complaint.
They for child abduction.
They appealed.
They applied to the Bucharest County Court for the return of the second and third applicants to Italy.
They lodged an appeal.
They dismissed the applicant’s appeal.
They went to Romania for the summer holidays.
They gave birth.
They married.
They lodged.
They were still living in Romania.
They reopened the criminal investigation against M.G. and A.P.
They was ordered to comply.
They reopened the criminal investigation against M.G. and A.P..
They questioned Dzh.A., K.G., Dzh.N. and Sh.D..
They lodged.
They to provide her with medical assistance during the home birth.
They asked two public hospitals.
They asked the Ministry of Health to either guarantee the provision of such medical assistance.
They gave birth.
They gave birth to her second child.
They issued an interim decision.
They upheld the judgment.
They sought a court order for a three-month psychological counselling programme for the children.
They dismissed the claim.
They granted the request.
They lodged an action.
They stated that the children refused contact with their father.
They sentenced him to six years’ imprisonment.
They found Mr O. guilty of having murdered the applicants’ son.
They buried him.
They were allowed to exhume their son’s remains.
They were invited to take part in the criminal proceedings in the capacity of victims.
They sent the criminal case file to the Primorskiy District Court for trial.
They informed the applicant that the enforcement was scheduled.
They became final.